Key                        Value
---                        -----
allowed_redirect_uris      <nil>
bound_audiences            [vault]
bound_claims               map[sub:spiffe://apps.sno.irgendeine.cloud/ns/workload-identity-tutorial/sa/py]
bound_claims_type          glob
bound_subject              n/a
claim_mappings             <nil>
clock_skew_leeway          0
expiration_leeway          0
groups_claim               n/a
max_age                    0
not_before_leeway          0
oidc_scopes                <nil>
role_type                  jwt
token_bound_cidrs          []
token_explicit_max_ttl     0s
token_max_ttl              0s
token_no_default_policy    false
token_num_uses             0
token_period               0s
token_policies             [dbpolicy]
token_ttl                  24h
token_type                 default
user_claim                 sub
verbose_oidc_logging       false
